Release Variant Switcher v2 (#7)
pxblue/figma-plugins: variant-switcher/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

> ## v2.0.0 (June 25, 2021)

Reviewer: date needs updated

### Added

> -   When an instance is switched to the specified "To Variant", you can now choose to perform a "deep switch" to decide whether this plugin should keep looking into its child layers or not. This is helpful when you built dark-themed components using light-themed components, and don't want the plugin to "over-switch".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   When an instance is switched to the specified "To Variant", you can now choose to disable the "deep switch". Deep switch will look into all child layers and switch everything that matches the "From Variant". When this is disabled, the children of a switched element will not be switched. This is helpful when you built dark-themed components using light-themed components, and don't want the plugin to "over-switch".
```
